Release 2.2.0 (#2599)
nginxinc/kubernetes-ingress: docs/content/configuration/policy-resource.md

#### Prerequisites

> For the OIDC feature to work, it is necessary to enable [zone synchronization](https://docs.nginx.com/nginx/admin-guide/high-availability/zone_sync/), otherwise NGINX Plus will fail to reload. Additionally, it is necessary to configure a resolver, so that NGINX Plus can resolve the IDP authorization endpoint. For an example of the necessary configuration see the documentation [here](https://github.com/nginxinc/kubernetes-ingress/blob/v2.2.0/examples/custom-resources/oidc#step-7---configure-nginx-plus-zone-synchronization-and-resolver).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In order to use OIDC, you need to enable [zone synchronization](https://docs.nginx.com/nginx/admin-guide/high-availability/zone_sync/). If you don't set up zone synchronization, NGINX Plus will fail to reload. 
You also need to configure a resolver, which NGINX Plus will use to resolve the IDP authorization endpoint. You can find an example configuration [in our GitHub repo](https://github.com/nginxinc/kubernetes-ingress/blob/v2.2.0/examples/custom-resources/oidc#step-7---configure-nginx-plus-zone-synchronization-and-resolver).
```
